I never kill women
Want to be with me
You are not qualified yet
That being the case
Then let him
With you
i
I'm no match for him.
As long as you listen to me
Beat him
Don't you want revenge?
Of course blind
I listen to you.
Just because you dare to attack Zhao Shixiong, you don't want to live anymore
You've figured it out
If you lose in contempt, you will definitely be expelled from the sect
No one will help you then
Little thief, I will never show mercy this time
Xiang Yu strikes the sword
You have to take your life first
Stay
Your Zixiao Sword is nowhere near as good as mine
It's just a bunch of axes
Zixiao Sword is absolutely divided into three generations
Every life is unexpected
The changes are endless
Forget your original sword move
See you for the first time
Changhong Wanli
Meet by letter
invincible
You stinky woman
How do you know our Zixiao Jianjue moves?